README.md, before:

terracoin masternode for docker
===================

Docker image that runs the terracoin daemon which can be turned into a masternode with the correct configuration.

This image also runs [sentinel](https://github.com/terracoin/sentinel) (which is required for a masternode to get rewards) every minute as a cron job.

If you like this image, buy me a coffee ;) 1GuggerownoWdKkMUA8C2ySkA8AK7Ucn7n

Quick Start
-----------

```bash
docker run \
  -d \
  -p 13333:13333 \
  -v /some/directory:/terracoin \
  --name=terracoin \
  guggero/terracoin
```

This will create the folder `.terracoincore` in `/some/directory` with a bare `terracoin.conf`. You might want to edit the `terracoin.conf` before running the container because with the bare config file it doesn't do much, it's basically just an empty wallet.

Start as masternode
------------

To start the masternode functionality, edit your terracoin.conf (should be in /some/directory/.terracoin/ following the docker run command example above):

```
rpcuser=<SOME LONG RANDOM USER NAME>
rpcpassword=<SOME LONG RANDOM PASSWORD>
rpcallowip=::/0
server=1
logtimestamps=1
maxconnections=256
printtoconsole=1
masternode=1
masternodeaddr=<SERVER IP ADDRESS>:51472
masternodeprivkey=<MASTERNODE PRIVATE KEY>
```

Where `<SERVER IP ADDRESS>` is the public facing IPv4 or IPv6 address that the masternode will be reachable at.
Don't forget to put your IPv6 address in brackets! For example `[aaaa:bbbb:cccc::0]:51472`

`<MASTERNODE PRIVATE KEY>` is the private key that you generated earlier (with `terracoin-cli masternode genkey`).

Commit message:

Switch from Linda to Metrix

README.md, after:

metrix masternode for docker
===================

Docker image that runs the metrix daemon which can be turned into a masternode with the correct configuration.


Quick Start
-----------

```bash
docker run \
  -d \
  -p 13333:13333 \
  -v /some/directory:/metrix \
  --name=metrix \
  guggero/metrix
```

This will create the folder `.metrixcore` in `/some/directory` with a bare `metrix.conf`. You might want to edit the `metrix.conf` before running the container because with the bare config file it doesn't do much, it's basically just an empty wallet.

Start as masternode
------------

To start the masternode functionality, edit your metrix.conf (should be in /some/directory/.metrix/ following the docker run command example above):

```
rpcuser=<SOME LONG RANDOM USER NAME>
rpcpassword=<SOME LONG RANDOM PASSWORD>
rpcallowip=::/0
server=1
logtimestamps=1
maxconnections=256
printtoconsole=1
masternode=1
masternodeaddr=<SERVER IP ADDRESS>:51472
masternodeprivkey=<MASTERNODE PRIVATE KEY>
```

Where `<SERVER IP ADDRESS>` is the public facing IPv4 or IPv6 address that the masternode will be reachable at.
Don't forget to put your IPv6 address in brackets! For example `[aaaa:bbbb:cccc::0]:51472`

`<MASTERNODE PRIVATE KEY>` is the private key that you generated earlier (with `metrix-cli masternode genkey`).
